# lets-Recruit
Energy, it defines LanceSoft. Consider our unique ‘keep apace’ operational culture, the spirited lot of hand-picked professionals, our ‘up-to-the-minute’ knowledge base, together they form a dynamic mix of value-generating characteristics that help us delve into the heart of a problem to deliver precise services and solutions - repeatedly.   In business since 2000, LanceSoft is a reputed and credible Contingent Workforce Management Services firm that has established itself as a pioneer in providing highly scalable workforce solutions and exceptionally competent global Pharmaceutical &amp; IT services to a diverse set of customers across various industries around the globe. S.Sen Recruitment is the organisation created by Subrajit Sen an employee of LanceSoft and is headquartered out of the Washington DC Metropolitan (Herndon, VA) and operates out of various locations in the US, Canada and India. S.Sen Recruitment is the organisation created by Subrajit Sen an employee of LanceSoft specializes in recruiting and retaining top clinical research &amp; scientific talent for leading pharmaceutical and biotech companies. Our staff maintains a commitment to excellence by developing lasting and professional relationships with both hiring managers and job seekers throughout the industry. Our dedicated &amp; professional Account Management and experienced delivery team is well versed in industry specific requirements and market trends.  We provide staffing solutions specializing in all areas of the clinical development process for the Pharmaceutical, Biotechnology, and Medical Device industries. We understand the clinical trial process from Phase I through Phase IV. We provide the most experienced, highly screened candidates on a contract, contract to hire, or permanent hire basis.   Our Clientele: Actavis/ Allergan, Eisai, Merck, Medtronic, 3M, Johnson &amp; Johnson, Shire Pharmaceutical, Pfizer, Novartis, Purdue, Kraft Foods, Mondelez, Aetna, GE (Healthcare, Capital, Energy &amp; Oil and Gas), Becton &amp; Dickinson and Paychex and much more.
